what springs to mind when one thinks of
britain's capital
it's the home of the royal family
parliament
and the beatles penny lane london is
often seen in terms of its east
and west end the toughs and snobs of the
west end
and the cockneys and cheeky champions
and lasses of the east end
both tribes have experienced the trials
and tribulations
of a shared history there have been many
dark times
in 1666 fire swept through the city
it lit up the sky so brightly it could
be seen as far away as i beat her
and 57 pounds worth of damage was caused
now that doesn't seem like a lot of
money but that's over a billion pounds
in today's currency
if it's food you fancy londoners of all
backgrounds love that barbecue
the first ever barbecue actually took
place in london
in 1875 trevor barbecue
real name alibaba coup traveled to
england from the middle east
in 1846 and opened a successful
butcher's shop
on commercial street in the heart of the
east end
he ran his butcher's shop with his four
brothers and three wives
anyway late one evening he left an oven
a light and the whole bloody shop went
up in flames
killing his entire family it was at this
very moment
that he noticed all his meat had been
cooked he tried one of his flame charred
sausages
and immediately jumped into the air with
joy
and the rest is history
[Music]
you